OSSMDOC-94: Document OTEL Collector configuration for Tech Preview. (#40729)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/distr-tracing-config-otel-collector.adoc

|
|None

|exporters:
|An exporter is how you send data to one or more backends/destinations. By default, no exporters are configured. There must be at least one enabled exporter for a configuration to be considered valid. Exporters are enabled by being added to a pipeline. Exporters may come with default settings, but many require configuration to specify at least the destination and security settings.
|`logging`, `jaeger`
|None

|exporters:
 jaeger:
  endpoint:

|The `jaeger` exporter’s endpoint must be of the form `<name>-collector-headless.<namespace>.svc`, with the name and namespace of the Jaeger deployment, for a secure connection to be established.
|
|

|exporters:
 jaeger:
  tls:
   ca_file:
|Path to the CA certificate. For a client this verifies the server certificate. For a server this verifies client certificates. If empty uses system root CA.
|
|

|service:
  pipelines:
|Components are enabled by adding them to a pipeline under `services.pipeline`.
|
|

|service:
  pipelines:
    traces:
      receivers:
|You enable receivers for tracing by adding them under `service.pipelines.traces`.
|
|None

> 

Reviewer: Probably should have a row in the table for service.pipelines.traces.processors here, since any processors need to be listed there as well as in the processors section above.

spec:
  mode: deployment
  config: |
    receivers:
      otlp:
        protocols:
          grpc:
          http:
    processors:
    exporters:
      jaeger:
        endpoint: jaeger-production-collector-headless.tracing-system.svc:14250
        tls:
          ca_file: "/var/run/secrets/kubernetes.io/serviceaccount/service-ca.crt"
    service:
      pipelines:
        traces:
          receivers: [otlp]
          processors: []
          exporters: [jaeger]
----

[NOTE]
====
If a component is configured, but not defined within the `service` section then it is not enabled.
====

.Parameters used by the Operator to define the OpenTelemetry Collector
[options="header"]
[cols="l, a, a, a"]
|===
|Parameter |Description |Values |Default
|receivers:
|A receiver is how data gets into the Collector. By default, no receivers are configured. There must be at least one enabled receiver for a configuration to be considered valid. Receivers are enabled by being added to a pipeline.
|`otlp`, `jaeger`
|None

|receivers:
  otlp:
|The `oltp` and `jaeger` receivers come with default settings, specifying the name of the receiver is enough to configure it.
|
|

|processors:

> |Processors are run on data between being received and being exported. By default, no processors are enabled.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|Processors run on data between being received and being exported. By default, no processors are enabled.
```
"Are run" didn't sound right here.

|
|None

|exporters:

> |An exporter is how you send data to one or more backends/destinations. By default, no exporters are configured. There must be at least one enabled exporter for a configuration to be considered valid. Exporters are enabled by being added to a pipeline. Exporters may come with default settings, but many require configuration to specify at least the destination and security settings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|An exporter sends data to one or more backends/destinations. By default, no exporters are configured. There must be at least one enabled exporter for a configuration to be considered valid. Exporters are enabled by being added to a pipeline. Exporters may come with default settings, but many require configuration to specify at least the destination and security settings.
```
Minimalism.
